journal/round-6-log.md, before:

# Round 3 Log

## **Start date**: 10/25/2023
## **End date**: TBD


## Goals

-   Create a Stardew Valley clone with pygame (sort of. Basically Stardew Valley, but with some original ideas thrown in)
-   Code for an hour each day.

###  Day 1 - 10/25/2023
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** So I had already followed [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4IX36sP_0c) tutorial on making a Stardew Valley like game in Pygame, but I made my own map in tiled, and changed a few things like the house, you zone into it instead of the roof disappearing when you're in it. And I added mouse click functionality. So that's my starting code. I spent most of today trying to start from scratch and refactor the code to use a Game State Manager. But... that didn't work out well. and I've got zoning down (I think). So I'm just gonna use my starting code and build from there. I got a hotbar added to the overlay, and a time/date/season display in the top right corner. And I've got a hotbar selected image that moves when you press q and e.
-   **Thoughts:** I really would have liked to refactor the code and start from scratch but I just couldn't get it working right. Not a huge deal though, I'll start from my base project and go from there.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Work on the hotbar. Adding items to it, using the selected item, etc. Will probably need to work on the inventory as well in order to do this.
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 1](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1717554353060425889)

###  Day 2 - 10/26/2023
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** got an open and closeable inventory menu, and confirmed wood was added to it when I chopped down a tree. Also got the tools added to the hotbar. I'm gonna keep all the tools in hotbar slot 1, and not have them take up an inventory slot. Then when you press the arrow keys it will filter through the tools. So far that's working well. Gotta get the seed going next
-   **Thoughts:** Decided to handle the inventory using a new class and a nested dictionary. not sure if the dictionary was the best route. I'm pretty sure it is, but it sure took me a minute to figure out how to access the values I needed.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Get the seeds added to the hotbar. Should work the same as the tools, but will be a bit more difficult because the amount of seeds varies and there are times when you'll have no seeds, but I don't want that hotbar slot to be able to be filled with something else.
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 2](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1718113247809745108)

###  Day 3 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** Started a youtube channel! Also decided I am going to go ahead and refactor my code so I'll be starting over. Worked on just the basic game setup today. Will probably have that video up tomorrow. In the meantime, you can check out my introductory video [here](https://youtu.be/gJKbW5L-WCk)
-   **Thoughts:** Excited and nervous about doing a code along thing. Especially since I'm always starting and stopping projects. This will give me reason to keep going, having an audience (assuming I get an audience lol). We'll see how it goes.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Get the base of my code refactored (game loop, cursor sprite, title menu) and get my second video (first actual code along video) uploaded
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 3](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1718114717913276557)

###  Day 4 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 5 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 6 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 7 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 8 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 9 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 10 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 11 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 12 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 13 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 14 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 15 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 16 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 17 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 18 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 19 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 20 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 21 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 22 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 23 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 24 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 25 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 26 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 27 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 28 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 29 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 30 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 31 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 32 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 33 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 34 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 35 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 36 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 37 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 38 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 39 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 40 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 41 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 42 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 43 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 44 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 45 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 46 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 47 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 48 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 49 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 50 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 51 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 52 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 53 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 54 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 55 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 56 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 57 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 58 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 59 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 60 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 61 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 62 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 63 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 64 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 65 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 66 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 67 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 68 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 69 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 70 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 71 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 72 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 73 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 74 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 75 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 76 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 77 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 78 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 79 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 80 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 81 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 82 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 83 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 84 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 85 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 86 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 87 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 88 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 89 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 90 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 91 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 92 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 93 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 94 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 95 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 96 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 97 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 98 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 99 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 100 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

Commit message:

added youtube to readme and added round 6 day 4

journal/round-6-log.md, after:

# Round 3 Log

## **Start date**: 10/25/2023
## **End date**: TBD


## Goals

-   Create a Stardew Valley clone with pygame (sort of. Basically Stardew Valley, but with some original ideas thrown in)
-   Code for an hour each day.

###  Day 1 - 10/25/2023
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** So I had already followed [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4IX36sP_0c) tutorial on making a Stardew Valley like game in Pygame, but I made my own map in tiled, and changed a few things like the house, you zone into it instead of the roof disappearing when you're in it. And I added mouse click functionality. So that's my starting code. I spent most of today trying to start from scratch and refactor the code to use a Game State Manager. But... that didn't work out well. and I've got zoning down (I think). So I'm just gonna use my starting code and build from there. I got a hotbar added to the overlay, and a time/date/season display in the top right corner. And I've got a hotbar selected image that moves when you press q and e.
-   **Thoughts:** I really would have liked to refactor the code and start from scratch but I just couldn't get it working right. Not a huge deal though, I'll start from my base project and go from there.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Work on the hotbar. Adding items to it, using the selected item, etc. Will probably need to work on the inventory as well in order to do this.
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 1](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1717554353060425889)

###  Day 2 - 10/26/2023
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** got an open and closeable inventory menu, and confirmed wood was added to it when I chopped down a tree. Also got the tools added to the hotbar. I'm gonna keep all the tools in hotbar slot 1, and not have them take up an inventory slot. Then when you press the arrow keys it will filter through the tools. So far that's working well. Gotta get the seed going next
-   **Thoughts:** Decided to handle the inventory using a new class and a nested dictionary. not sure if the dictionary was the best route. I'm pretty sure it is, but it sure took me a minute to figure out how to access the values I needed.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Get the seeds added to the hotbar. Should work the same as the tools, but will be a bit more difficult because the amount of seeds varies and there are times when you'll have no seeds, but I don't want that hotbar slot to be able to be filled with something else.
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 2](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1718113247809745108)

###  Day 3 - 10/27/2023
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** Started a youtube channel! Also decided I am going to go ahead and refactor my code so I'll be starting over. Worked on just the basic game setup today. Will probably have that video up tomorrow. In the meantime, you can check out my introductory video [here](https://youtu.be/gJKbW5L-WCk)
-   **Thoughts:** Excited and nervous about doing a code along thing. Especially since I'm always starting and stopping projects. This will give me reason to keep going, having an audience (assuming I get an audience lol). We'll see how it goes.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Get the base of my code refactored (game loop, cursor sprite, title menu) and get my second video (first actual code along video) uploaded
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 3](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1718114717913276557)

###  Day 4 - 10/28/2023
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** Started refactoring to use a game state manager. Got the title screen done and added the custom cursor in. Got my second video posted! Check it out [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsMZmaQBf5E&t=1s)
-   **Thoughts:** Making the video is the part that takes the longest, because I spend so much time re recording and stuff. Gotta find a better way of doing it, probably recording small clips at a time so if I fuck up I dont have to start all over. As far as the code goes, though, it was smooth sailing today.
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow** Maybe add the load save screen in. That won't take long. Then work on adding in the player class and recreating the game world.
-   **Link to tweet** [Round 6 Day 4](https://twitter.com/AprilMayCodes/status/1718421788659458072)

###  Day 5 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 6 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 7 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 8 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 9 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 10 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 11 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 12 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 13 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 14 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 15 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 16 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 17 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 18 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 19 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 20 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 21 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 22 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 23 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 24 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 25 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 26 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 27 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 28 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 29 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 30 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 31 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 32 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 33 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 34 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 35 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 36 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 37 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 38 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 39 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 40 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 41 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 42 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 43 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 44 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 45 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 46 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 47 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 48 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 49 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 50 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 51 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 52 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 53 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 54 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 55 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 56 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 57 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 58 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 59 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 60 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 61 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 62 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 63 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 64 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 65 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 66 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 67 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 68 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 69 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 70 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 71 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 72 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 73 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 74 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 75 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 76 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 77 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 78 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 79 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 80 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 81 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 82 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 83 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 84 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 85 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 86 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 87 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 88 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 89 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 90 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 91 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 92 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 93 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 94 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 95 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 96 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 97 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 98 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 99 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**

###  Day 100 - 
-   **Project** Pydew Valley
-   **Today's Progress** 
-   **Thoughts:** 
-   **Tasks For Tomorrow**
-   **Link to tweet**
